<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="what_is_github">
    <title>What is GitHub?</title>
    <shortdesc>GitHub is a website which provides internet hosting for software development and
        version control using Git.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>Projects on GitHub.com can be accessed and managed using the standard Git command-line
            interface; all standard Git commands work with it. GitHub.com also allows users to
            browse public repositories on the site. The site provides social networking-like
            functions such as feeds, followers, wikis and a social network graph to display how
            developers work on their versions ("forks") of a repository and what fork (and branch
            within that fork) is newest.</p>
        <p>Anyone can browse and download public repositories but only registered users can
            contribute content to repositories. With a registered user account, users are able to
            have discussions, manage repositories, submit contributions to others' repositories, and
            review changes to code. GitHub.com began offering unlimited private repositories at no
            cost in January 2019 (limited to three contributors per project). Previously, only
            public repositories were free. On April 14, 2020, GitHub made "all of the core GitHub
            features" free for everyone, including "private repositories with unlimited
            collaborators".</p>
        <p>Source: <xref href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GitHub" format="html" scope="external"
            /></p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
